TLS authentication for secondary trust (#153)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

such trust in a Verifier "B", would be for B to first act as an Attester
where A acts as a combined Verifier/Relying Party.  If A then accepts B as
trustworthy, it can choose to accept B as a Verifier for other Attesters.

> TLS authentication of the Verifier by the Relying Party is also a possible solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The Relying Party can establish trust in the Verifier by out of band establishment of key-material, combined with a protocol like TLS to communicate. 
There is an assumption that between the establishment of the trusted key-material, and the creation of the Evidence, that the Verifier has not been compromised.
```
